sitedata/onlinepresence.md, before:




## Registering and Logging in This Website
Use the `Log In` button visible from any page at [https://sigdialinlg2023.github.io/](https://sigdialinlg2023.github.io/).

Sign up using **the e-mail you used for registering for the conference on Eventbrite**!

## Navigate Discord

- Follow announcements in the [INTRO/general](https://discord.com/channels/1112733937828102206/1112733937828102209) channel.
- [Meet other fellow researchers and introduce yourself.](https://discord.com/channels/1112733937828102206/1146806529492787220)
- [Get help!](https://discord.com/channels/1112733937828102206/1146404262994260018l)
- Visit many of the dedicated workshops, keynotes, oral sessions' channels and start chatting with your fellow researchers.
- **We encourage authors to introduce themselves in channels dedicated for the sessions containing their work!**
- Discuss virtually presented posters on Friday 9:00, September 15 in one of the [VIRTUAL POSTERs channels](https://discord.com/channels/1112733937828102206/1146936529722277908).

**Use Discord instead of the build-in Zoom chat. The Zoom chat won't be supported.**

## Recommended Workflow for Visiting Conference Virtually
1. Sign up and log in at [https://sigdialinlg2023.github.io/](https://sigdialinlg2023.github.io/).
2. Go to [Program / Schedule (calendar)](/calendar.html).
3. Open (Click on) one of the currently happening sessions in the [calendar](/calendar.html). The session opens in the day-by-day view.
4. Open the corresponding sessions's Discord channel on e.g., [Keynote Dupoux on Wednesday](https://sigdialinlg2023.github.io/calendar.html#tab-Wednesday). Monitor organisational updates or ask questions.
5. Open also the Zoom session to watch the keynote.
6. After the session, feel free to Return to the Discord channel to discuss the keynote with your fellow researchers. Possibly, the author might also reply.


## Website Features important During Conference
- Any changes in the program will be reflected in the [calendar](/calendar.html) under the `Program / Schedule` menu.
- See the list of [all presented papers](/papers.html) 
- Access to camera ready version of the [papers]](/papers.html) in the pdf format at individual page for each paper (login required). 
- Invite link to Discord, Zoom links and their mapping to sessions on this very page  (login required). 
- Links for [workshops](/workshops.html) under the `Program / Workshops` menu.

If you have questions regarding Zoom or Discord, please contact <a href="https://ufal.mff.cuni.cz/ondrej-platek">Ondrej Platek</a>.

Commit message:

fix discord link in paper detail and rewamp online presence

sitedata/onlinepresence.md, after:

## Join Discord!

**Use the invite link [https://discord.gg/zxquHwKy5](https://discord.gg/zxquHwKy5)

## Zoom

There are three Zoom links used during the time of the conference. Each links corresponds to a room at the Venue in Prague.
<!-- See sitedata/sessions_links.yml -->
During SIGdial & INLG conference 
- [https://cesnet.zoom.us/j/91621331403?pwd=ZDdmU2xKMGFMc1lpOVNkdlkvNFlRUT09"](First Zoom link will be used for events in the _Sun I_ room.
- Second link will be used for the events in the _Sun II_ room. (Will be provided soon)
- Third link will be used only for workshop purposes. (Will be provided soon)

## Navigate Discord

- Follow announcements in the [INTRO/general](https://discord.com/channels/1112733937828102206/1112733937828102209) channel.
- [Meet other fellow researchers and introduce yourself.](https://discord.com/channels/1112733937828102206/1146806529492787220)
- [Get help!](https://discord.com/channels/1112733937828102206/1146404262994260018l)
- Visit many of the dedicated workshops, keynotes, oral sessions' channels and start chatting with your fellow researchers.
- **We encourage authors to introduce themselves in channels dedicated for the sessions containing their work!**
- Discuss virtually presented posters on Friday 9:00, September 15 in one of the [VIRTUAL POSTERs channels](https://discord.com/channels/1112733937828102206/1146936529722277908).

**Use Discord instead of the build-in Zoom chat. The Zoom chat won't be supported.**

## Recommended Workflow for Visiting Conference Virtually
1. Sign up and log in at [https://sigdialinlg2023.github.io/](https://sigdialinlg2023.github.io/).
2. Go to [Program / Schedule (calendar)](/calendar.html).
3. Open (Click on) one of the currently happening sessions in the [calendar](/calendar.html). The session opens in the day-by-day view.
4. Open the corresponding sessions's Discord channel on e.g., [Keynote Dupoux on Wednesday](https://sigdialinlg2023.github.io/calendar.html#tab-Wednesday). Monitor organisational updates or ask questions.
5. Open also the Zoom session to watch the keynote.
6. After the session, feel free to Return to the Discord channel to discuss the keynote with your fellow researchers. Possibly, the author might also reply.


## Website Features important During Conference
- Any changes in the program will be reflected in the [calendar](/calendar.html) under the `Program / Schedule` menu.
- See the list of [all presented papers](/papers.html) 
- Access to camera ready version of the [papers]](/papers.html) in the pdf format at individual page for each paper (login required). 
- Invite link to Discord, Zoom links and their mapping to sessions on this very page  (login required). 
- Links for [workshops](/workshops.html) under the `Program / Workshops` menu.

If you have questions regarding Zoom or Discord, please contact <a href="https://ufal.mff.cuni.cz/ondrej-platek">Ondrej Platek</a>.
