sitedata/venue.md, before:


Venue
========
The SIGDial-INLG 2023 conference will take place from **September 11nd to 15th** in **Prague, Czech Republic** in [OREA Hotel Pyramida, Prague](https://www.orea.cz/hotel-pyramida).

The hotel is ca. 20 minutes tram ride away from the city center, within walking distance of the Prague Castle ([Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/x8sL2DZEkSX1YBVH7)).

![venue1](/static/images/venue1.jpg)
![venue2](/static/images/venue2.jpg)


**Address:** OREA Hotel Pyramida, Bělohorská 24, 169 01 Praha 6, Czechia.

### The Conference Dinner

The Conference dinner will take place on Wednesday, **Thursday 14th** at **7pm** in the brewery [**Klášterní Pivovar Strahov**](https://www.klasterni-pivovar.cz), about 8 minutes' walk from the venue ([Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/PJZO5)).

**Address:** Klášterní Pivovar Strahov, Strahovské nádvoří 301, 118 00 Prague 1, Czechia.

Travel
------

### Travelling to the venue

Prague can be easily reached from popular gateways to Europe including London, Paris, Amsterdam, Frankfurt, Zurich, Helsinki, Rome, Dubai etc. In addition, Prague can be reached by train or car from nearby cities such as Berlin, Dresden, Vienna and Munich.

#### By plane

To get from the **Prague Václav Havel Airport** (Ruzyně) to the conference venue:

*   **Use public transport** – the preferrable route is the following:  
    1) Take the bus no. 191 (direction _Na Knížecí_) to the stop _Vypich_.  
    2) Then take tram no. 25 (direction _Palmovka / Lehovec_) and get off after 6 stops at _Malovanka_.   The journey takes about 45 minutes in total, the fare is CZK 40 (ca. EUR 1.66). More information about public transport in Prague can be found [on the local information page](local.html#public-transport).
*   **Take [Uber](https://www.uber.com)** or [Bolt](https://bolt.eu/en-cz/cities/prague/) – The journey between the Václav Havel Airport to the conference venue should cost between 300-500 CZK.
*   To take a local taxi, we recommend using the [Liftago](https://www.liftago.com/) app, which shows drivers' ratings and prices beforehand, or to stick to large established companies (see [details on the local information page](local.html#taxis)). 


#### By train or bus

Taking the train is a convenient option when travelling, e.g., from Berlin or Vienna. All long-distance trains arrive to the **main railway station (Hlavní nádraží)**. Trains arriving from Berlin/Dresden stop at the **Holešovice** station, too. Most long-distance buses arrive at the **Florenc** bus station.

To get to the venue **using** **public transport**:

*   From **Hlavní nádraží (main station)**:  
    1) take the metro line C (red line, direction _Letňany_) to the _Vltavská_ station (2 stops).  
    2) Then take tram no. 25  (direction _Bílá Hora_) and get off at _Malovanka_ (10 stops).  
    The journey takes about 30 minutes, the fare is CZK 30 (ca. EUR 1.33).
     
*   From **Florenc** bus station:  
    1) take the metro line C (red line, direction _Letňany_) to the _Vltavská_ station (1 stop).  
    2) Then take tram no. 25  (direction _Bílá Hora_) and get off at _Malovanka_ (10 stops).  
    The journey takes about 30 minutes, the fare is CZK 30 (ca. EUR 1.33).

**Using [Uber](https://www.uber.com)** or [Bolt](https://bolt.eu/en-cz/cities/prague/) – The journey should cost around 200 CZK. See details on local taxis on the [local information page](local.html#taxis).

#### To the venue by car

A car is recommended to reach your hotel only. Prague city center has heavy traffic during rush hours and few free parking spots.

Parking:

*   There is a parking lot within a hotel which is 200,- CZK/night for registered guests.


### Restaurants

Here is a non-exhaustive list of lunch/dinner options around the conference venue:

- [Restaurace Na Marjánce](https://goo.gl/maps/uUSe4f9GgRHB9RTF8) - Czech restaurant, 6 minutes' walk from the venue
- [Restaurace Malovanka](https://goo.gl/maps/BBSn1n2pBppNFAJXA) - Czech restaurant, 6 minutes' walkfrom the venue
- [U Zelené brány](https://goo.gl/maps/ApmcjimtGrzzGBeCA) - Czech restaurant, 3 minutes' walkfrom the venue
- [Curry King - Břevnov](https://goo.gl/maps/VuQA8MtKVNGTntR18) - Indian restaurant, 7 minutes' walk from the venue

Many restaurants in Prague offer daily lunch menus from about 11:30am till 2pm, with usualy two to five options, cheaper and faster than the usual menu.

Commit message:

Fix map link, update info about lunches

sitedata/venue.md, after:


Venue
========
The SIGDial-INLG 2023 conference will take place from **September 11nd to 15th** in **Prague, Czech Republic** in [OREA Hotel Pyramida, Prague](https://www.orea.cz/hotel-pyramida).

The hotel is ca. 20 minutes tram ride away from the city center, within walking distance of the Prague Castle ([Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/x8sL2DZEkSX1YBVH7)).

![venue1](/static/images/venue1.jpg)
![venue2](/static/images/venue2.jpg)


**Address:** OREA Hotel Pyramida, Bělohorská 24, 169 01 Praha 6, Czechia.

### The Conference Dinner

The Conference dinner will take place on Wednesday, **Thursday 14th** at **7pm** in the brewery [**Klášterní Pivovar Strahov**](https://www.klasterni-pivovar.cz), about 8 minutes' walk from the venue ([Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/itbsdnGw7jzYLkZQ9)).

**Address:** Klášterní Pivovar Strahov, Strahovské nádvoří 301, 118 00 Prague 1, Czechia.


### Lunches
Lunches are **included in the registration** and will be provided **directly at the venue**. 

Please, wear the badge to prove you are registered for the conference.

The lunch will be provided as a bufet and will include various dietary options.

### Restaurants

As an alternative, here are several tips for lunch/dinner options around the conference venue:

- [Restaurace Na Marjánce](https://goo.gl/maps/uUSe4f9GgRHB9RTF8) - Czech restaurant, 6 minutes' walk from the venue
- [Restaurace Malovanka](https://goo.gl/maps/BBSn1n2pBppNFAJXA) - Czech restaurant, 6 minutes' walkfrom the venue
- [U Zelené brány](https://goo.gl/maps/ApmcjimtGrzzGBeCA) - Czech restaurant, 3 minutes' walkfrom the venue
- [Curry King - Břevnov](https://goo.gl/maps/VuQA8MtKVNGTntR18) - Indian restaurant, 7 minutes' walk from the venue

Many restaurants in Prague offer daily lunch menus from about 11:30am till 2pm, with usualy two to five options, cheaper and faster than the usual menu.


Travel
------

### Travelling to the venue

Prague can be easily reached from popular gateways to Europe including London, Paris, Amsterdam, Frankfurt, Zurich, Helsinki, Rome, Dubai etc. In addition, Prague can be reached by train or car from nearby cities such as Berlin, Dresden, Vienna and Munich.

#### By plane

To get from the **Prague Václav Havel Airport** (Ruzyně) to the conference venue:

*   **Use public transport** – the preferrable route is the following:  
    1) Take the bus no. 191 (direction _Na Knížecí_) to the stop _Vypich_.  
    2) Then take tram no. 25 (direction _Palmovka / Lehovec_) and get off after 6 stops at _Malovanka_.   The journey takes about 45 minutes in total, the fare is CZK 40 (ca. EUR 1.66). More information about public transport in Prague can be found [on the local information page](local.html#public-transport).
*   **Take [Uber](https://www.uber.com)** or [Bolt](https://bolt.eu/en-cz/cities/prague/) – The journey between the Václav Havel Airport to the conference venue should cost between 300-500 CZK.
*   To take a local taxi, we recommend using the [Liftago](https://www.liftago.com/) app, which shows drivers' ratings and prices beforehand, or to stick to large established companies (see [details on the local information page](local.html#taxis)). 


#### By train or bus

Taking the train is a convenient option when travelling, e.g., from Berlin or Vienna. All long-distance trains arrive to the **main railway station (Hlavní nádraží)**. Trains arriving from Berlin/Dresden stop at the **Holešovice** station, too. Most long-distance buses arrive at the **Florenc** bus station.

To get to the venue **using** **public transport**:

*   From **Hlavní nádraží (main station)**:  
    1) take the metro line C (red line, direction _Letňany_) to the _Vltavská_ station (2 stops).  
    2) Then take tram no. 25  (direction _Bílá Hora_) and get off at _Malovanka_ (10 stops).  
    The journey takes about 30 minutes, the fare is CZK 30 (ca. EUR 1.33).
     
*   From **Florenc** bus station:  
    1) take the metro line C (red line, direction _Letňany_) to the _Vltavská_ station (1 stop).  
    2) Then take tram no. 25  (direction _Bílá Hora_) and get off at _Malovanka_ (10 stops).  
    The journey takes about 30 minutes, the fare is CZK 30 (ca. EUR 1.33).

**Using [Uber](https://www.uber.com)** or [Bolt](https://bolt.eu/en-cz/cities/prague/) – The journey should cost around 200 CZK. See details on local taxis on the [local information page](local.html#taxis).

#### To the venue by car

A car is recommended to reach your hotel only. Prague city center has heavy traffic during rush hours and few free parking spots.

Parking:

*   There is a parking lot within a hotel which is 200,- CZK/night for registered guests.
