Home.md, before:

## Welcome!

The 16th International Natural Language Generation Conference
will be held jointly with the 24th Annual Meeting of the Special Interest Group on Discourse and Dialogue (SIGDial 2023).
The events will take place in Prague on September 11-15, 2023.

More details coming soon!

### News
May 8: You can now make your submissions to INLG 2023 [here](https://softconf.com/n/inlg2023/).

May 5: The [list of Workshops](https://inlg2023.github.io/workshops.html) is now available.

Apr 24: [INLG 2023 Call for Shared Task proposals (Generation Challenges)](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html)  is open, please check out the [Calls](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html) tab for more information.

Apr 5: Emiel van Miltenburg wrote a [blog post about evaluation in NLG](https://inlg2023.github.io/eval_blog.html).

Feb 10: [Joint INLG&SIGDIAL Call for Workshop proposals](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html) is open, please check out the [Calls](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html) tab for more information.

Mar 9: [INLG 2023 Call for Papers](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html)  is open, please check out the [Calls](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html) tab for more information.

### Acknowledgements

This site is based on [MiniConf](https://github.com/Mini-Conf/Mini-Conf) which was built by [Hendrik Strobelt](http://twitter.com/hen_str) and [Sasha Rush](http://twitter.com/srush_nlp).

Commit message:

extending the deadline for GenChal

Home.md, after:

## Welcome!

The 16th International Natural Language Generation Conference
will be held jointly with the 24th Annual Meeting of the Special Interest Group on Discourse and Dialogue (SIGDial 2023).
The events will take place in Prague on September 11-15, 2023.

More details coming soon!

### News
May 6: The deadline for Shared Task proposals (Generation Challenges) has been extended to June 11, 2023.

May 8: You can now make your submissions to INLG 2023 [here](https://softconf.com/n/inlg2023/).

May 5: The [list of Workshops](https://inlg2023.github.io/workshops.html) is now available.

Apr 24: [INLG 2023 Call for Shared Task proposals (Generation Challenges)](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html)  is open, please check out the [Calls](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html) tab for more information.

Apr 5: Emiel van Miltenburg wrote a [blog post about evaluation in NLG](https://inlg2023.github.io/eval_blog.html).

Feb 10: [Joint INLG&SIGDIAL Call for Workshop proposals](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html) is open, please check out the [Calls](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html) tab for more information.

Mar 9: [INLG 2023 Call for Papers](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html)  is open, please check out the [Calls](https://inlg2023.github.io/calls.html) tab for more information.

### Acknowledgements

This site is based on [MiniConf](https://github.com/Mini-Conf/Mini-Conf) which was built by [Hendrik Strobelt](http://twitter.com/hen_str) and [Sasha Rush](http://twitter.com/srush_nlp).
